strong shoulders are great but what if
handstand push-ups are too hard well in
a normal push-up If instead of doing it
the normal way like this you just lean
forward you're going to feel it hit your
shoulders way way more if that's still
too difficult all you need is a wall or
the door to a garbage bin think hips
toward the wall hands at belly height
and push just like this you should be
feeling it in your
shoulders try 10 reps of the hardest
variation that you can handle then rest
then 10 more Reps for a total of three
sets and if you combine that whole
routine with stretches like this where
you hold for 30 seconds again for three
sets eventually even stuff like this
will become easy for you also I have
free stretching ebooks in my bio stay
flexy